#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.txt
#
amqp==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   kombu
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
asgiref==3.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
asttokens==2.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   redis
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #  celery
build==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    # pip-tools
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    # django-celery-beat
    # django-celery-results
    # flower
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
cryptography==38.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   social-auth-core
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   odfpy
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   redis
diff-match-patch==20200713
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-import-export
dj-database-url==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-heroku
    #   django-on-heroku
django~=4.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-bootstrap5
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-heroku
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-on-heroku
django-bootstrap5==22.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-celery-beat==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-celery-results==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-cleanup==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-crispy-forms==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-debug-toolbar==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-extensions==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-extensions-shell==1.7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-heroku==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-import-export==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-on-heroku==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-timezone-field==5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openpyxl
executing==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
flask==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
flower==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
gevent==22.10.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
greenlet==1.1.3.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gevent
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
humanize==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flower
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
ipython==8.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
jedi==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
kombu==5.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
llvmlite==0.39.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   numba
markuppy==1.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tablib
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
numba==0.56.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
numpy==1.23.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   scipy
oauthlib==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tablib
openpyxl==3.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tablib
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   build
    #   redis
pandas==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jedi
pep517==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   build
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pika~=1.3.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
pika-stubs==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
pip-tools==6.8.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
prometheus-client==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   click-repl
    #   ipython
psycopg2~=2.9.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-heroku
psycopg2-binary==2.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-on-heroku
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
pyjwt==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   packaging
python-crontab==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandas
    #   python-crontab
python-social-auth==0.3.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2022.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   flower
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tablib
redis==4.3.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   social-auth-core
scipy==1.9.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   click-repl
    #   django-extensions-shell
    #   python-dateutil
social-auth-app-django==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
social-auth-core==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-social-auth
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stack-data==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
tablib[html,ods,xls,xlsx,yaml]==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-import-export
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   build
    #   pep517
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flower
traitlets==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
tzdata==2022.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
wheel==0.40.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pip-tools
whitenoise==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-heroku
    #   django-on-heroku
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   deprecated
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tablib
zope-event==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gevent
zope-interface==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gevent
celery~=5.2.7

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
